Hi, guys, multifactorial fence creation can be a bit of a confusing topic.
So let's break it down and see what it's all about.
So firstly, there are free, different factors associated with authentication.
The first one is typically referred to as something, you know.
So the example being a password.
So you need to remember that password.
Hopefully you don't write it down.
Hopefully you just remember it and you're able to type the password in whenever you want to authenticate.
The second is something you have.
So in other words, you might have a physical token.
You might use these for work where you're given a physical token.
Sometimes they generate a code and you use that code to log in and it proves that the person who's authenticating
owns this device.
And they've been given that security.
Maybe they were given it at work.
And so it shows that there are the person who they say they are.
But of course, these can be compromised because someone could steal it.
The other type of token is a software based version such as Google authenticator.
Now, the third method of authentication is something you are also known as biometrics.
So that might be a fingerprint or it could be a retinal scan or some other biological test to prove
that you really are the human being that you say you are now in a W.S..
We have what's called two factual fense occasion.
So firstly, we've got something, you know, and that's the password.
So you have an I am user account.
You have a password that that user must remember.
The second piece is something you have.
So there's no something you are there's no biometrics in A.W. US at the moment.
But there is the second factual authentication, which is something you have.
So now you can have either a physical or a virtual MFA device.
I use the Google fence on my smartphone and you'll see how to use that in this section.
We're going to set this up.
And you've also got this physical option as well.
This costs more money.
And you would then have a physical device that you put into your laptop when you have multifactorial
fense occasion, when you have this second factor.
It means that not only do you have to put in your password so the something you know, but you need
to enter a code from your device or just plug your device in.
And that proves that you have some physical device that was given securely to you.
For instance, only you can access this code on your smartphone now.
Sure, somebody might steal your smartphone, but they still can't get in because I don't know your
password.
Or alternatively, you might have written your password down and someone finds it.
But then they need your smartphone to be at a log in as well.
So by having two factors of authentication, your account is much more secure than just having one.